# HOW-TO-PREPARE-FOR-THE-AZURE-TEST-AND-CERTIFICATION
Start little.   In case you don't know where to start or which test to take, I suggest beginning little by taking the AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals test. This will permit you to get a handle on how Microsoft tests work without getting excessively specialized. Having taken Microsoft tests before permits you to focus on the substance as opposed to the testing system. Likewise, make a point to look at these remarkable offers; more data about exceptional offers can be discovered further down.   Select the fitting Azure test and certification.   To start, ensure you select the accreditation way and test that is fitting for you. There are various tests and industry accreditations accessible. Job based accreditations from Microsoft are associated with key market and industry work liabilities, making it simple to choose the ideal one. Contingent upon where you are in your vocation and where you need to go, it's a good idea to pick the best one for you. I fostered a blog entry to give an outline and assist you with picking between the different Azure test affirmation options.Find the necessary assessments for the certificate you're keen on.   Comprehend the test's substance and what is being estimated.   The principal thing to do in the wake of choosing a test is to investigate the inquiries that will be posed. The "abilities estimated" in the test are recorded on each Microsoft test page. This rundown is normally very exact, and it helps you in zeroing in on and concentrating on the proper material. Indeed, even accessible preparation and courses to plan for the test are recorded on the page.   Perceive the kinds of questions  Prior to taking the test, you ought to really get to know the test organizations and question sorts. Microsoft doesn't determine which question types or test designs are remembered for every test, albeit a rundown of test and question tests might be seen here. Realizing what sorts of inquiries will be on your test will make it simpler for you to react to them and acquire the most focus per question.   On Microsoft Learn, you might take free involved learning courses.   At Ignite 2018, Microsoft Learn was declared as a free learning entrance for an assortment of Microsoft advances, not just Azure. Contingent upon your business job or the abilities you look for, Microsoft Learn offers an assortment of learning courses. Most of the learning tracks give freedom to active realizing with the goal that you can acquire down to earth abilities through intelligent preparation. It's likewise totally free! No Mastercard is needed to get fast in-program admittance to Microsoft devices and modules.   Experiential learning   More often than not, the best strategy to learn and breeze through the Microsoft Azure tests, or to learn anything, is to get certifiable involvement in the innovation. There is a free Azure record, just as some free ones involve taking in modules from Microsoft Learn. You'll get a year of Azure administrations for nothing on the off chance that you pursue a free Azure record.   Video courses   There are an assortment of video instructional classes accessible that permit you to plan for the Azure test utilizing video. LinkedIn Learning, Pluralsight, Whizlabs, ITPro.TV, Udemy, A Cloud Guru, CloudSkills.io, and a lot more are only a couple of models. Just peruse the different contributions and read the audits to track down the ideal fit for you. Online courses are likewise accessible from various Microsoft Learning Partners.   Books   Assuming you need to learn and get ready for a test by understanding books, Microsoft Press gives an assortment of titles created by subject matter experts. There are some incredible distributions that will help you in becoming familiar with Microsoft Azure and planning for and breezing through the Microsoft Azure assessments. On the off chance that you buy a printed version of the book, it won't be refreshed in the future to reflect changes in innovation or test content.   Think about taking a training test.   Official practice assessments are additionally accessible for a portion of the tests. These are valuable for figuring out where you are in the learning system and which subjects require extra consideration. I firmly encourage you to simply take the authority practice assessments and not to depend on mind dumps. Beside undermining the test and on yourself, mind dumps are regularly inaccurate and contain various blunders.   research  It may very well be helpful to frame a review bunch on the off chance that you have a couple of colleagues, companions, or individuals you met at an Azure User bunch meetup. Study gatherings can assist you with something beyond getting more design in your examination. They additionally help you in acquiring a new viewpoint on the substance and diminishing lingering.  Azure Certificates
